docs: remove first person and space in CircleCI in the testing guide. (#38631)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/testing.md

  - npm run e2e -- --protractor-config=e2e/protractor-ci.conf.js
```

> This does the same things as the CircleCI configuration, except that Travis doesn't come with Chrome, so use Chromium instead.

Reviewer: I guess we can rephrase it as this:
```suggestion
This does the same things as the CircleCI configuration, except that Travis doesn't come with Chrome, so Chromium is used instead.
```
What do you think?

Reviewer 2: Thanks, @AndrewKushnir! We thought about this wording (Gavin and I are working together on this right now) but I advised that he delete "we" so it stays in the active voice instead of the passive ("is used").

Reviewer: Got it, thanks for clarification @kapunahelewong 👍
